c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\APO_Podpis.exe.config
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\APO_Podpis.exe
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\APO_Podpis.pdb
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\MailKit.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\MimeKit.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\MailKit.pdb
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\MailKit.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\MimeKit.pdb
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\MimeKit.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Memory.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\obj\Debug\APO_Podpis.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\obj\Debug\APO_Podpis.Form1.resources
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\obj\Debug\APO_Podpis.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\obj\Debug\APO_Podpis.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\obj\Debug\APO_Podpis.exe
c:\users\максим\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\APO_Podpis\APO_Podpis\obj\Debug\APO_Podpis.pdb
